How many Muslims live in Kerala?
How many people speak Hindi in Uttar Pradesh?
How does the Christian population compare between rural and urban Goa?
Which three languages are spoken the most in Karnataka?
Which religion has the highest literacy rate in India?
How many women in Tamil Nadu speak Tamil?
How many Jains in Maharashtra are currently not working?
How many people in rural West Bengal speak Bengali?
Who has a larger Sikh population: Punjab or Haryana?
What is the literacy gap between Hindu men and women in India?
Which states have the largest populations? List them in order.
Which 5 states have the most people living in rural areas?
Which 5 states have the most people living in urban areas?
Which states have more women than men?
Which states show the biggest difference in gender balance between their villages and cities?
Which three age groups account for the most people in India?
Can you break down the population by age, state, and whether they live in a city or village?
Which state has the most young children (0-6) living in rural areas?
What percentage of each state's total population is female?
Which age group is the largest in the rural areas of each state?
Which states have more people living in cities than in villages?
Which states have a rural population that is larger than their urban population?
Which state has the highest number of men?
Which state has the highest number of women?
Which state has the largest gap between the number of men and women?
Which states have a lot of young people but very few elderly people?
Which states have a large elderly population?
Which states have the biggest urban populations?
Which states have the biggest rural populations?
Which states have the most equal ratio of men to women?
Which states have the smallest populations?
Which states are more rural than urban?
Which states are more urban than rural?
In which states do rural women outnumber rural men?
In which states do urban women outnumber urban men?
Which states have the largest population of children (0-6)?
Which states have the smallest population of elderly people?
Which states have twice as many people living in villages as in cities?
Which states have twice as many people living in cities as in villages?
Which states have the smallest difference between the number of men and women?
Which states have the fewest people living in rural areas?
Which states have the fewest people living in urban areas?
Which states have the most elderly people (60+)?
Which states have more elderly people than young children?
In which states do men outnumber women in urban areas?
In which states do women outnumber men in rural areas?
Which states have three times as many city dwellers as villagers?
Which states have three times as many villagers as city dwellers?
Which states have the largest workforce (people not children or elderly)?
Which states have roughly the same number of people in rural and urban areas?
List the states with the biggest rural populations.
List the states with the biggest urban populations.
Where is the gender gap the smallest?
Which states have the most women?
Which states have the most men?
Which states have the highest percentage of children?
Which states have the highest percentage of elderly people?
In which states does the rural population exceed the urban population?
In which states does the urban population exceed the rural population?
Which states have a rural/urban population split that is almost equal (less than 10% difference)?
Rank the states by total population.
Which states have the smallest rural populations?
Which states have the smallest urban populations?
Which states have at least 20% more women than men?
Which states have at least 20% more men than women?
Which states have the most teenagers?
Which states have the fewest young children?
Which states have the largest working-age populations?
Which states have the smallest working-age populations?
Which states have nearly identical rural and urban population counts (within 5%)?
Where do the most villagers live?
Where do the most city dwellers live?
Which states have a rural population that is double the urban one?
Which states have an urban population that is double the rural one?
Which states have the lowest overall population?
Which states have the fewest women?
Which states have the fewest men?
Which states have the most children?
Which states have the fewest teenagers?
Which states have the largest number of elderly people?
Which states have the most women living in rural areas?
Which states have the most men living in rural areas?
Which states have the most women living in urban areas?
Which states have the most men living in urban areas?
Which states have the fewest elderly people?
Which states have the fewest children?
Which states have the most adults (15-59)?
Which states have the fewest adults (15-59)?
Which states have a similar number of young children and elderly people?
Which states have the biggest difference between their child and elderly populations?
Which state is home to the most Muslims?
Which state is home to the most Christians?
Which state is home to the most Sikhs?
Which state is home to the most Buddhists?
Which state is home to the most Jains?
Where are the most Marathi speakers found?
Where are the most Telugu speakers found?
Where are the most Urdu speakers found?
Where are the most Malayalam speakers found?
Where are the most Punjabi speakers found?
How many people speak Gujarati in Gujarat?
Which state has the largest number of Odia speakers?
How many people in Assam speak Assamese?
Count the number of Kannada speakers in rural areas of Karnataka.
Which state has the most people speaking Konkani?
How many women are literate among the Muslim population in India?
Which state has the highest number of literate Hindu women?
How many Christians in Kerala are currently working?
Find the total number of illiterate Jains in Rajasthan.
Which religion has the lowest female literacy rate in Uttar Pradesh?
How many Sikh men live in rural Punjab?
Which state has the highest number of Buddhists living in cities?
How many people speak Maithili in Bihar?
Which state has the most Santali speakers?
How many people list English as their language in Maharashtra?
What is the total number of Kashmiri speakers in Jammu & Kashmir?
How many Nepali speakers live in Sikkim?
Which state has the largest Sindhi-speaking population?
How many Dogri speakers are there in India?
In which state is the gender gap in literacy the highest for Muslims?
Which state has the highest percentage of working women among Christians?
How many Buddhist children (0-6) are there in Maharashtra?
Which state has the largest population of illiterate men?
Which state has the largest population of illiterate women?
How many Hindus live in the urban areas of West Bengal?
How many Muslims live in the rural areas of Bihar?
Which state has the most Jain men?
Which state has the most Sikh women?
How many people speak Sanskrit in India?
Which state has the highest number of Tulu speakers?
Compare the number of Hindi speakers in rural vs urban Madhya Pradesh.
Which religious group has the highest workforce participation in India?
How many women are non-workers among the Sikh population in Punjab?
Which state has the highest number of literate Buddhist men?
How many people speak Bodo in Assam?
Which state has the most Manipuri speakers?
How many people speak Mizo in Mizoram?
Which state has the largest population of Khasi speakers?
How many Garo speakers live in Meghalaya?
Which state has the most Bhili/Bhilodi speakers?
How many Gondi speakers are there in Chhattisgarh?
Which state has the highest number of Kurukh/Oraon speakers?
How many people speak Mundari in Jharkhand?
Which state has the most Ho speakers?
How many Khandeshi speakers are there in Maharashtra?
Which religious community has the most people living in rural India?
Which religious community is the most urbanized in India?
How many Jain women are literate in Gujarat?
Which state has the highest number of Christian men?
How many Muslim men are illiterate in Bihar?