How many Muslims live in Kerala?
Count the number of Hindi speakers in Uttar Pradesh.
How many Christians live in rural areas compared to urban areas in Goa?
What are the top 3 most spoken languages in Karnataka?
Which religious group has the highest literacy rate across India?
How many women list Tamil as their main language in Tamil Nadu?
Find the total number of Jains in Maharashtra who aren't working.
How many villagers in West Bengal speak Bengali?
Which state has a larger Sikh population: Punjab or Haryana?
What is the difference between male and female literacy numbers for Hindus in India?
Which states have the biggest population overall? Rank them from highest to lowest.
Where do most rural people live? Show me the top 5 states.
Which states have the largest urban population? Give me the top 5.
Which states have more women than men overall?
Is the gender balance different in villages compared to cities? Show states where rural and urban sex ratios differ a lot.
Which age groups make up most of India’s population? Show the top 3.
How does the population break down by age in each state for rural and urban areas?
Where do most young children live in rural areas? Show the state with the highest number of kids aged 0–6.
In each state, what percentage of the population is female?
In rural areas, which age group dominates each state’s population?
Which states have the highest total population?
Which states have the lowest total population?
Which states have more rural population than urban population?
Which states have more urban population than rural population?
Which states have the highest rural population?
Which states have the highest urban population?
Which states have the smallest difference between rural and urban population?
Which states have the largest difference between rural and urban population?
Which states have the highest number of females overall?
Which states have the highest number of males overall?
Which states have the smallest gender gap?
Which states have the largest gender gap?
Which states have a higher female population than male population?
Which states have a higher male population than female population?
Which states have the highest share of rural population?
Which states have the highest share of urban population?
Which states are mostly rural in terms of population?
Which states are mostly urban in terms of population?
Which states have the most balanced male and female population?
Which states have the most imbalanced male and female population?
Which states have the highest total population when rural and urban are combined?
Which states have the lowest total population when rural and urban are combined?
Which states have the highest rural-to-urban population ratio?
Which states have the lowest rural-to-urban population ratio?
Which states have the highest female-to-male ratio?
Which states have the lowest female-to-male ratio?
Which states have the largest total population difference between males and females?
Which states have the smallest total population difference between males and females?
Which states have nearly equal rural and urban populations?
Which states have extremely uneven rural and urban populations?
Which states have the highest rural population overall?
Which states have the highest urban population overall?
Where is the difference between male and female population the smallest?
Which states have a very high number of women compared to men?
Which states have a very high number of men compared to women?
Which states have a large share of children in their population?
Which states have a large share of elderly people?
Which states have the highest total rural population?
Which states have the highest total urban population?
Which states have a larger female population than male population overall?
Which states have a larger male population than female population overall?
Which states have very low population in villages?
Which states have very low population in cities?
Where is the female population much higher than the male population?
Where is the male population much higher than the female population?
Which states have the highest total population overall?
Which states have the lowest total population overall?
Which states have the most balanced rural and urban populations?
Which states have the most imbalanced rural and urban populations?
Which states have the most people living in villages?
Which states have the most people living in cities?
Which states have the highest share of rural population?
Which states have the highest share of urban population?
Which states are predominantly rural in population?
Which states are predominantly urban in population?
Which states have the smallest number of men?
Which states have a very high number of children compared to others?
Which states have very few teenagers?
Which states have a very high elderly population compared to others?
Which states grow a lot of crops for a relatively small population?
Which states have the highest total rural population compared to urban population?
Which states have the highest total urban population compared to rural population?
Which states have the smallest difference between male and female population?
Which states have the largest difference between male and female population?
Which states have nearly equal rural and urban population sizes?
Which states have fewer people but strong farming activity?
Which states would struggle the most if farming output dropped?
Which states are least dependent on farming for their population size?
Which states produce enough crops for their population?
Which states produce too little crops for their population?
Which states look most sustainable based on people and farming?
Which states look least sustainable based on people and farming?
Which states have the highest total population overall?
Which states have the lowest total population overall?
Which states have more people living in rural areas than urban areas?
Which states have more people living in urban areas than rural areas?
Which states have the highest number of women overall?
Which states have the highest number of men overall?
Which states have the largest gender gap in population?
Which states have the highest population of young children?
Which states have the highest population of elderly people?
Which states have the most balanced male and female population?
Which states have the highest rural population?
Which states have the highest urban population?
Which states have the lowest rural population?
Which states have the lowest urban population?
Which states have the highest percentage of women?
Which states have the highest percentage of men?
Which states have the highest population of teenagers?
Which states have the lowest population of teenagers?
Which states have the highest working-age population?
Which states have the lowest working-age population?
Which states have a larger rural population than urban population?
Which states have a larger urban population than rural population?
Which states have the most balanced rural and urban populations?
Which states have the biggest difference between rural and urban population?
Which states have the highest child population compared to total population?
Which states have the lowest child population compared to total population?
Which states have the highest elderly population compared to total population?
Which states have the lowest elderly population compared to total population?
Which states have a high dependency ratio (children and elderly together)?
Which states have a low dependency ratio?
Which states have the highest total population density across age groups?
Which states have the lowest total population density across age groups?
Which states have the highest share of rural population?
Which states have the lowest share of rural population?
Which states have the highest share of urban population?
Which states have the lowest share of urban population?
Which states have a very young population overall?
Which states have a very old population overall?
Which states have the smallest gender imbalance?
Which states have the largest gender imbalance?
Which crops have the largest area sown in 2025-26?
Which crops have the smallest area sown in 2025-26?
Which crops saw the biggest increase in area compared to last year?
Which crops saw the biggest decrease in area compared to last year?
Which crops had almost no change in area compared to last year?
Which crops expanded their area significantly in 2025-26?
Which crops reduced their area significantly in 2025-26?
Which crops dominate agricultural land usage nationally?
Which crops use very little agricultural land nationally?
Which crops experienced stable cultivation patterns year over year?
Which states have the highest total female population?
Which states have the highest total male population?
Which states have the lowest total population overall?
Which states have the highest share of children in their population?
Which states have the highest share of elderly in their population?
Which states have the most balanced rural and urban populations?
Which states have the most imbalanced rural and urban populations?
