How many Muslims live in Kerala?
Count the number of Hindi speakers in Uttar Pradesh.
How many Christians live in rural areas compared to urban areas in Goa?
What are the top 3 most spoken languages in Karnataka?
Which religious group has the highest literacy rate across India?
How many women list Tamil as their main language in Tamil Nadu?
Find the total number of Jains in Maharashtra who aren't working.
How many villagers in West Bengal speak Bengali?
Which state has a larger Sikh population: Punjab or Haryana?
What is the difference between male and female literacy numbers for Hindus in India?
Which states have the biggest population overall? Rank them from highest to lowest.
Where do most rural people live? Show me the top 5 states.
Which states have the largest urban population? Give me the top 5.
Which states have more women than men overall?
Is the gender balance different in villages compared to cities? Show states where rural and urban sex ratios differ a lot.
Which age groups make up most of India’s population? Show the top 3.
How does the population break down by age in each state for rural and urban areas?
Where do most young children live in rural areas? Show the state with the highest number of kids aged 0–6.
In each state, what percentage of the population is female?
In rural areas, which age group dominates each state’s population?
Which states have more people living in cities than villages?
In which states do villages have a much larger population than cities?
Which state has the highest number of men overall?
Which state has the highest number of women overall?
Where is the gender gap the biggest overall?
Which states have a very young population compared to older people?
Which states have a large elderly population?
In urban areas, which states have the highest population?
In rural areas, which states have the highest population?
Which states have a more balanced population between men and women?
Which states have the smallest population overall?
Which states are mostly rural in terms of population?
Which states are mostly urban in terms of population?
Where do more women live than men in villages?
Where do more women live than men in cities?
Which states have a high number of children overall?
Which states have fewer elderly people compared to others?
In which states is the rural population much higher than the urban population?
In which states is the urban population much higher than the rural population?
Which states have almost the same number of men and women?
Which states have the lowest rural population?
Which states have the lowest urban population?
Where do most elderly people live?
Which states have more elderly people than children?
Which states have a higher male population in cities?
Which states have a higher female population in villages?
In which states do cities dominate the population the most?
In which states do villages dominate the population the most?
Which states have the highest population of working-age people?
Which states have very small differences between rural and urban population sizes?
Which states have the highest rural population overall?
Which states have the highest urban population overall?
Where is the difference between male and female population the smallest?
Which states have a very high number of women compared to men?
Which states have a very high number of men compared to women?
Which states have a large share of children in their population?
Which states have a large share of elderly people?
Which states have more people living in rural areas than urban areas?
Which states have more people living in urban areas than rural areas?
Which states have a fairly even split between rural and urban population?
